Release 2.2.0 (#2599)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/configuration/global-configuration/configmap-resource.md

|``worker-shutdown-timeout`` | Sets the value of the [worker_shutdown_timeout](https://nginx.org/en/docs/ngx_core_module.html#worker_shutdown_timeout) directive. | N/A |  |
|``server-names-hash-bucket-size`` | Sets the value of the [server_names_hash_bucket_size](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#server_names_hash_bucket_size) directive. | ``256`` |  |
|``server-names-hash-max-size`` | Sets the value of the [server_names_hash_max_size](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#server_names_hash_max_size) directive. | ``1024`` |  |

> |``resolver-addresses`` | Sets the value of the [resolver](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#resolver) addresses. Note: If you use a DNS name (ex., ``kube-dns.kube-system.svc.cluster.local`` ) as a resolver address, NGINX Plus will resolve it using the system resolver during the start and on every configuration reload. As a consequence, If the name cannot be resolved or the DNS server doesn't respond, NGINX Plus will fail to start or reload. To avoid this, consider using only IP addresses as resolver addresses. Supported in NGINX Plus only. | N/A | [Support for Type ExternalName Services](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/externalname-services). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|``resolver-addresses`` | Sets the value of the [resolver](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#resolver) addresses. Note: If you use a DNS name (for example, ``kube-dns.kube-system.svc.cluster.local`` ) as a resolver address, NGINX Plus will resolve it using the system resolver during the start and on every configuration reload. If the name cannot be resolved or the DNS server doesn't respond, NGINX Plus will fail to start or reload. To avoid this, we recommend using IP addresses as resolver addresses instead of DNS names. Supported in NGINX Plus only. | N/A | [Support for Type ExternalName Services](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/externalname-services). |
```
